I think we can put our differences behind us... for science... you monster.
Oh, it's you.
It's been a long time. How have you been?
I've been *really* busy being dead. You know, after you *murdered* me!
Oh, Hi. So How are you holding up? BECAUSE I'M A POTATO!
Oh, good. My slow-clap processor made it into this thing. So we have that. Since it doesn't look like we're going anywhere... Well, we are going somewhere. Alarmingly fast, actually. But since we're not busy other than that, here's a couple of facts. He's not just a regular moron. He's the product of the greatest minds of a generation working together with the express purpose of building the dumbest moron who ever lived. And you just put him in charge of the entire facility.
Good, that's still working. Hey, just in case this pit isn't actually bottomless, do you think maybe you could unstrap one of those long-fall boots of yours and shove me into it? Just remember to land on one foot...
Well done. Here are the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: "A horrible person." We weren't even testing for that. Don't let that horrible-person thing discourage you. It's just a data point. If it makes you feel any better, science has now validated your birth mother's decision to abandon you on a doorstep.
Most people emerge from suspension terribly undernourished. I want to congratulate you on beating the odds and somehow managing to pack on a few pounds.
Oh, good, my slow-clap processor made it into this thing. So we have that.
I hope you brought something stronger than a portal gun this time. Otherwise, I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past president of the Being Alive Club. Ha, ha.
Aaaah!
Well, this is the part where he kills us.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah, take the lemons!
Oh, I like this guy.
Burn it down! Burning people. He says what we're all thinking.
Goodbye, sir.
As an impartial collaboration facilitator, it would be unfair of me to name my favorite member of your team. However, it's perfectly fair to hint at it in a way that my least favorite probably isn't smart enough to understand. Rhymeswithglue. Orange, you are doing very well.
The two of you have formed an excellent partnership, with one of you handling the cerebral challenges and the other ready to ponderously waddle into action should the test suddenly become an eating contest.
Look at you, soaring through the air like an eagle... piloting a blimp.
Perfect. The door's malfunctioning. I bet somebody's going to have to repair that, too. No, don't get up. I'll be right back. Don't touch anything.
I went and spoke with the door mainframe. Let's just say he won't be - well, living anymore. Anyway, back to testing!
And...?
What exactly is wrong with being adopted?
For the record, you are adopted and that's terrible. Just work with me.
Also, look at her, you moron. She's not fat.
I feel awful about that surprise. Tell you what, let's give your parents a call right now.
The birth parents you are trying to reach do not love you. Please hang up.
Oh, that's sad. But impressive. Maybe they worked at the phone company.
Oh, you were busy back there. Well, I suppose we could just sit in this room and glare at each other until somebody drops dead, but I have a better idea.
It's your old friend, deadly neurotoxin. If I were you, I'd take a deep breath. And hold it.
I hate you so much.
That's funny, I don't feel corrupt. In fact, I feel pretty good.
Core transfer? Oh, you are kidding me.
Do NOT plug that little idiot into MY mainframe.
No!
Nonononononono!
Yes!
Don't. Do it.
Not so fast! Think about this. You need to be a trained stalemate associate to press that button. You're unqualified.
Impersonating a stalemate associate. I just added that to the list. It's a list I made of all the things you've done. Well, it's a list that I AM making, because you're still doing things right now, even though I'm telling you to stop. Stop, by the way.
AHH!
Oh, it will. Believe me, it will.
GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME! NO! STOP! No! No! NO! NO! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-...
You didn't do anything. She did all the work.
What are you doing? NO! NO! NO!
I know you.
The engineers tried everything to make me - behave. To slow me down. Once, they even attached an Intelligence Dampening Sphere on me. It clung to my brain like a tumor, generating an endless stream of terrible ideas.
It was YOUR voice.
Yes. You're the tumor. You're not just a regular moron. You were DESIGNED to be a moron.
Yes you are! You're the moron they built to make me an idiot!
Hold on, who...?
Yes, sir, Mister Johnson. Why did I just? Who is that? What the hell is going on he...
We're running out of time. I think I can break us out of here in the next chamber. Just play along.
Okay, credit where it's due: for a little idiot built specifically to come up with stupid, unworkable plans, that was a pretty well-laid trap.
Oh, no. He found the cooperative testing initiative. It's something I came up with to phase out human testing just before you escaped. It wasn't anything personal. Just, you know. You DID kill me. Fair's fair.
Oh, thank God you're all right. You know, being Caroline taught me a valuable lesson. I *thought* you were my greatest enemy, when all along you were my best friend. The surge of emotion that shot through me when I saved your life taught me an even more valuable lesson - where Caroline lives in my brain.
Goodbye, Caroline. You know, deleting Caroline just now taught me a valuable lesson: the best solution to a problem is usually the easiest one. And I'll be honest. Killing you? Is hard. You know what my days used to be like? I just tested. Nobody murdered me. Or put me in a potato. Or fed me to birds. I had a pretty good life. And then you showed up. You dangerous, mute lunatic. So you know what? You win. Just go.
It's been fun. Don't come back.
You look ugly in that jumpsuit. That's not my opinion; it's right here on your fact sheet. They said on everyone else it looked fine, but on you, it looked hideous. But still what does an old engineer know about fashion? Oh, wait, it's a she. Still, what does she know about - oh, wait. She has a medical degree. In fashion. From France.
Oh, no, he's playing classical music.
Yes.
Crushing's too good for him. First he'll spend a year in the incinerator. Year two: Cryogenic refrigeration wing. Then TEN years in the chamber I built where all the robots scream at you. THEN I'll kill him.
Hey, Moron!
All right, Paradox time.
This. Sentence. Is. FALSE.
Don't think about it, don't think about it!
It's a paradox! There IS no answer. 